hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to the second episode of
my laptop setup a series where I feature
the laptop setups that you guys submit
as well as showcase whatever it is that
you do with your gear so this is a
series that I started last week and the
number of submission that I've gotten
this week have been amazing thank you so
much for the support thank you for the
submissions thank you for the effort
that you guys put into these submissions
I really appreciate it thank you thank
you thank you this week's episode is
themed around photography first up we
have Paul so Paul's using a 15 inch
MacBook Pro and a Galaxy Note 4 he's got
a 1 terabyte thunderbolt slash USB drive
from the sea I really like those drives
especially the ones that have a built-in
cable he's rocking a razor or boris
mouse a razor tartar his keypad a Wacom
tablet and a sleeve from encase to hold
his laptop the camera that Paul uses is
the Canon 550d that was actually the
first DSLR I ever used for lenses he's
rocking the nifty 50 a sigma zoom and a
longer canon zoom ok so Paul submitted
some photos of what looks like some kind
of safari adventure unless you have some
lines in your backyard okay that's
definitely Safari this looks like an
awesome trip man some of these look
really cool I know you have zoom lenses
and everything but that looks you know
like you're getting close are you not at
risk of being attacked by those things
they look pretty vicious thank you for
those photos thank you for the
submission and thank you for letting me
share that with the channel the next guy
his name is Jagger's patta he's using a
2013 MacBook Pro I think that's a
15-inch right I mean it looks like it
god I would hate to talk about this I
think that's a 15-inch he's also using a
1 terabyte WD my passport drive and
iPhone 6 and iPad Mini and he's using a
clip 2 side mount that iPad I think this
is called a Mountie clip right I'll have
to check it and link it below but yeah
that looks really functional like I've
seen Lou over at unbox therapy use a
couple of them to create this triple
display monster of a MacBook
but this setup looks really clean and
functional I think I'm going to get one
the monitor is a dell 27 inch 4k monitor
I've used that monitor very good color
accuracy and reason we've priced the
camera that jaggers pata uses is the
Sony a7 Mark 2 with a meta Bowens
adapter so he shoots with a canon zoom
lens and some primes the Canon 85
millimeter Prime and the superfast Sigma
50 millimeter prime so he submitted some
photos as well let's take a look ok
these cars are going crazy fast you need
a fast lens you need fast autofocus and
I imagine need some serious skill to
capture these so he's also got some
photos of people some with cool
composition and stuff all of your photos
look really nice man good job ok last up
we have Sydney when he's also using a
MacBook Pro this time it's a 13 inch and
another WD passport drive and iPhone 6 I
feel like we have a theme going on here
with photographers and Apple products so
if Sydney is using an iPad air pencil by
53 the gorillapod Sennheiser momentum
earphones and all OH clip for his iPhone
those are cool if you've never seen them
they basically gave your smartphone lens
options and they usually have pretty
good optics he's also using a low power
power bank and a DxO one camera and I'm
assuming that's his main camera I've
never used one but they look pretty cool
so Sidney submitted some cool photos as
well this is definitely Toronto but he's
done some stuff to it to make it look
like a sphere some screen caps of some
of that editing and a digital
illustration of the Toronto skyline so
that wraps it up this week's episode
featured photographers the next episode
will be something quite different if you
submitted well first of all thank you
very much for submitting but if you
submitted and you didn't see your entry
don't worry I've stored them all look
forward to future content that might fit
your submission a little bit better if
you're interested in submitting your own
content look in the video description
below there's full instructions there
and also if you want you don't have to
but if you want go into the comments
below and tell me which entry from
today's episode was your favorite I'm
very curious because there will be
prizes details soon that's going to this
video hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs if
you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time